Adds Feature Flags documentation (#705)
chef/chef-workstation: www/site/content/docs/reference/config.md

CLI flag
: --ssl-[no]-verify

### Data_collector

Configure reporting of `chef-client` runs triggered via `chef-run`.

#### Example

```tom
[data_collector]
url="https://1.1.1.1/data-collector/v0/"
token="ABCDEF0123456789"
```

#### url

Description
: URL of an Automate [data collection](https://automate.chef.io/docs/data-collection/) endpoint.  This URL is provided to the target host, allowing them to report in to Automate when `chef-run` is used to converge the targets. A valid token generated by automate is required.

Values
: A valid automate data collector endpoint.

Default
: not set.

Used by
: `chef-run`

#### token

Description
: An Automate [API token](https://automate.chef.io/docs/api-tokens/#creating-a-standard-api-token), used on target host to authenticate to the `url` provided.

Values
: A valid token generated by Automate.

Default
: not set.

Used by
: `chef-run`

### Dev

These options are intended for development and troubleshooting of Chef Workstation tools. Their usage is not supported and is subject to change.

#### Example

> ```tom

Reviewer: `tom` -> `toml` (saw at least 1 other instance too)

: `true`

Used by
: `chef-run`

### Features

Enable and disable experimental features for Chef Workstation.

#### Example

```toml
[features]

> preferences_dialog = true

Reviewer: Lets remove this line

analyze = true
```

Description

> : List of experimental features that can be turn on and off. In the above example, there are two turned on features, the `preferences_dialog` feature, and the `analyze` feature. Every feature flag has a way to be turned on through environment variables. The respective environment variable for the `analyze` feature would be `CHEF_FEAT_ANALYZE`. When set to any value, the feature will be turned on.

Reviewer 2: The last sentence is confusing. Would this turn on both features?

```
[features]
preferences_dialog = true
analyze = false
```

Author: Yes. I guess the confusion is that I probably should have added both environment variable names and not only one? 🤔 

> Every feature flag has a way to be turned on through environment variables. The corresponding environment variable for the `analyze` feature would be `CHEF_FEAT_ANALYZE`, and for the `preferences_dialog` would be `CHEF_FEAT_PREFERENCES_DIALOG`. When set to any value, the feature will be turned on.

Author: No. In that snipped a user would have turned only one feature on.

Author: @kagarmoe I have updated this doc, could you give it another look please? 😄

Used by
: `chef-run`

### Features

Enable and disable experimental features for Chef Workstation.

#### Example

```toml
[features]
analyze = true
```

Description

> : List of experimental features that can be turn on and off. In the above example, there is one turned on feature, the `analyze` feature. Every feature flag has a way to be turned on through the command line via environment variables. The respective environment variable for the `analize` feature would be `CHEF_FEAT_ANALYZE`. When set to any value, the feature will be turned on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: List of experimental features.  Features are neither initiated nor enabled by default. Turn on a  feature by adding it to the `[features]` .  Set the feature to `true`  to enable and `false` to disable. Features added to the list must be enabled or disabled. The above example initiates and enables one feature, which is the `analyze` feature. You can also turn on and enable or disable any feature flag from the command line using an environment variable.  For example, `CHEF_FEAT_ANALYZE`  is the environment variable for the `analyze` feature and setting `CHEF_FEAT_ANALYZE=true` enables the `analyze` feature.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure that I've caught the nuances correctly. Let me know.

Author: Looking now 👁]👁

Values
: `name = true`, `name = false`

`CHEF_FEAT_[NAME]`

> : When set to any value, the feature will be turned on.

Author: let us remove this too, thanks @kagarmoe

Used by
: `chef-run`

### Features

Enable and disable experimental features for Chef Workstation.

#### Example

```toml
[features]

> preferences_dialog = true

Reviewer 3: should this one be added later?

Author: I used it as an example, I guess I can ask @kagarmoe to help me with another more generic example? 🤔  (I'm ok removing it or updating it)

Reviewer 2: How does a user discover the possible features?

Author: @kagarmoe that is a great question! 💯 I have a proposal that is still under review here: 
https://github.com/chef/chef-workstation-app/pull/125

(it is mentioned in the description of this PR)

Product, UX, and Engineering are still working on a final solution but the idea is to have the
available features listed through the Chef Workstation App, the current design (that I made and won't be the final one) is:
<img width="538" alt="Screen Shot 2019-11-08 at 1 40 26 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5712253/68816380-899fa680-063b-11ea-9303-8e38a7940b2f.png">

I would like to add that part somewhere in the docs, though, that would probably happen
in approx. two weeks (next week I'm on PTO), for now, this content is what we need until
we have the UI ready.

analyze = true
```

Description

> : List of experimental features that can be turn on and off. In the above example, there are two turned on features, the `preferences_dialog` feature, and the `analyze` feature. Every feature flag has a way to be turned on through the command line via environment variables. The respective environment variable for the `analize` feature would be `CHEF_FEAT_ANALYZE`. When set to any value, the feature will be turned on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: List of experimental features that can be turn on and off. In the above example, there are two turned on features, the `preferences_dialog` feature, and the `analyze` feature. Every feature flag has a way to be turned on through environment variables. The respective environment variable for the `analyze` feature would be `CHEF_FEAT_ANALYZE`. When set to any value, the feature will be turned on.
```
